
PAGE 1
Q01. Can players talk during the game?
A. Of course! That’s one of the most amusing aspects of the game. However, players cannot ask 
questions directly related to the playing of the cards (e.g. they cannot ask the Sheriff if they can 
play a Gatling).
Q02. How can a player with a Barrel in play avoid a shot from Slab the Killer?
A. First of all, he can “draw!”: if he reveals a Heart card, he can avoid the shot with just one Missed! 
card in hand. Otherwise, he needs two Missed! cards. He cannot “draw!” twice.
Q03. Can I play a BANG! if I have already played a Gatling in the same turn?
A. Yes. Even if the two cards have similar effects, the Gatling is not a BANG! card.
Q04. Can I choose a player at a distance greater than 1 when playing a Panic! card if I have a 
Weapon card in play?
A. No. Weapons don’t change the distance between players: they simply allow to reach more 
distant players with a BANG! card. However, cards which actually modify the distance (e.g. Mustang 
and Scope, and the ability of characters like Rose Doolan and Paul Regret) must be considered in 
these situations.
Q05. Who is considered to be responsible of the elimination of a player with cards like 
Indians! and Gatling?
A. Unlike the Dynamite, the player who played the Gatling or the Indians! is considered to be 
responsible of the elimination of a player. All special actions due to this elimination apply to him 
(for example, if he just killed an Outlaw this way, he draws the 3 cards reward).
Q06. Can I play a BANG! if I used one or more BANG! cards in the same turn because of a 
Duel?
A. Yes. The BANG! cards used for the Duel are not counted because they are “discarded”, not 
“played”.
Q07. When a player is eliminated, in which order his cards are put in the discard pile?
A. The player being eliminated chooses the order.
Q08. Can I affect “role” or “character” cards in some way?
A. No! “Role” and “Character” cards are never affected during the game by any card.
Q09. Can I play Saloon when there are only two players in play?
A. Yes, it is not a Beer card. However, you can do it during your turn only.
Q10. Can I play a Saloon if I am losing my last life point?
A. No. Unlike Beer, Saloon can be played only during step 2 of your turn, and only if you are capable 
of playing cards. For example, if you lose your last life point after a Duel in your turn, you are 
eliminated before you could use Saloon.
Q11. If I am eliminated, do I regain a life point when someone else plays Saloon?
A. Of course not! When it says “all other players” it means “all other players still alive”.
Q12. Can I voluntarily discard my cards?
A. No, neither cards from your hand nor cards in play in front of you. Only the character Sid Ketchum 
can discard exactly 2 cards when he chooses so to regain one life point.
F .A.Q.
Frequently
Asked
Questions


PAGE 2
Q13. Can I play a card while the effect of another one is not yet terminated (e.g. play a Panic! 
while that player is choosing which card to draw for a General Store)?
A. No. Before playing any card you must wait for the previous one to end all its effects.
Q14. If the Dynamite explodes eliminating a player, does the character Vulture Sam draw the 
Dynamite along with all other cards of the player eliminated?
A. No. To complete the effect of the Dynamite you have to discard it after it explodes. So when 
Vulture Sam gets all the cards of the player killed, the Dynamite is already in  the discard pile.
Q15. Can a Jailed player play a Beer in his turn?
A. Only if he is losing his last life point.
Q16. Can I play a Beer if I am at full life points?
A. Yes: the Beer will simply have no effect at all.
Q17. Does Burt Cassidy or El Gringo draw a card when he loses his last life point – so if it’s a 
Beer, they can save themselves?
A. No, if they lose their last life point without a Beer in their hand, they are dead. However, if Burt 
Cassidy plays immediately a Beer card from the hand, saving himself and remaining alive, he will be 
able to draw the card due to the lost life point.
Q18. If Vulture Sam eliminates a Deputy, as a Sheriff, does he discard all his cards before or 
after getting the cards of the Deputy just eliminated?
A. First Vulture Sam gets all the cards from the Deputy just eliminated. Then, he discards all of his 
cards (which now include the cards just obtained from that Deputy).
Q19. How many Missed! cards are required to cancel a Gatling played by Slab the Killer?
A. Only one. The special ability of Slab the Killer applies to BANG! cards only.
Q20. Can Calamity Janet play Missed! cards during a Duel as if they were BANG! cards?
A. Yes.
Q21. If El Gringo plays a Duel and lose, can he draw a card from the player who won the 
Duel?
A. No: El Gringo draws a card from the player who played the card which caused the life point loss. 
But since the Duel was played by El Gringo himself, his ability is not triggered.
Q22. If Suzy Lafayette plays a Duel, which is her last card, can she draw another one before 
the Duel ends?
A. No, she must wait until the end of the Duel.
Q23. If an Outlaw plays a Duel and loses, does the player who won the Duel draw the 3 cards 
reward?
A. No. The reward goes to the player who played the card which was responsible of the elimination 
of the Outlaw. But since that card was played by the Outlaw himself, no one can gain the reward.
Q24. How many cards Burt Cassidy draws if he is hit by the Dynamite (and survives)?
A. Three cards.
Q25. Can I play a Beer card if there are only two players alive?
A. Yes, but it has no effect at all.
Q26. Can Sid Ketchum use his ability even outside his turn, like a Beer card?
A. Yes, he can.
 BANG!®: F.A.Q.
 © MMX daVinci Editrice S.r.l.
 www.dvgiochi.com