
PAGE 1
1
A game for 4-7 players, aged 8 and up
BANG! is a shootout game, in Spaghetti Western style, between a group of 
Outlaws and the Sheriff, who is their primary target. The Deputies incognitos 
help the Sheriff, but there is also a Renegade pursuing his own goal!
In BANG! each player plays one of these roles, and represents a famous Wild 
West inspired character.
CONTENTS
•	 7 Roles: 1 Sheriff, 2 Deputies, 3 Outlaws, 1 Renegade;
•	 16 Characters;
•	 80 Playing cards;
•	 7 Summary cards;
•	 7 Playing boards;
•	 30 Bullets;
•	 These rules.
OBJECT OF THE GAME
Each player has his own goal:
Sheriff: must eliminate all the Outlaws and the Renegade, to protect 
law and order.
Outlaws: they would like to kill the Sheriff, but they have no scruples 
about eliminating each other to gain rewards!
Deputies: they help and protect the Sheriff, and share his same goal, 
at all costs!
Renegade: he wants to be the new Sheriff; his goal is to be the last 
character in play.

PAGE 2
2
PREPARATION
(Before the first game remove carefully the bullet tokens from their frames.)
Each player takes a playing board (place it in front of you to hold your role, 
your character, your weapon and your bullets).
Take as many role cards as the number of players, divided as follows:
 4 players: 1 Sheriff, 1 Renegade, 2 Outlaws
 5 players: 1 Sheriff, 1 Renegade, 2 Outlaws, 1 Deputy
 6 players: 1 Sheriff, 1 Renegade, 3 Outlaws, 1 Deputy
 7 players: 1 Sheriff, 1 Renegade, 3 Outlaws, 2 Deputy
Shuffle the cards and give one, face down, to each player. The Sheriff 
reveals himself by turning his card face up. All other players look at their 
role but keep it secret.
Shuffle the characters and give one face up to each player. 
Each player now announces the name of his character and 
reads his ability. Each player takes as many bullets as 
shown on his character.
The Sheriff plays the game with one additional bullet: if 
his character card shows three bullets, he is considered 
for all effects to have four; if he has four bullets, then the 
Sheriff plays with five.
Put the remaining roles, boards and character cards back 
in the box.
Shuffle the playing cards, and give each player as many cards, face down, as 
the bullets he has. Put the remaining playing cards face down in the middle 
of the table, as a draw pile. Leave room for the discard pile.
Note: for your first few games, you can try a simplified 
version of the game by removing all cards with the symbol of 
a book before getting started.
Characters
Each Western character has some special abilities, which make you unique. 
The bullets you have show how many life points you begin the game with, 
i.e. how many times you can be hit before being eliminated from play.
Moreover, the bullets indicate how many cards the player can hold in his 
hand at the end of his turn (hand size limit).
Example. Jesse Jones has 4 life points: he can be hit four times before being 
eliminated from the game. Moreover, he can hold up to four cards in his hands 
at the end of his turn.
If during game Jesse loses one life point and he is down at 3, he can only hold 
up to three cards in his hand at the end of his turn. But fear not! Life points 
can be recovered!

PAGE 3
3
THE GAME
The Sheriff begins. The game is played in turns, in clockwise order. Each 
player’s turn is divided into three phases:
1.  Draw two cards;
2.  Play any number of cards;
3.  Discard excess cards.
1. Draw two cards
Draw the top two cards from the draw pile. As soon as the draw pile is empty, 
shuffle the discard pile to create a new playing deck.
2. Play any number of cards
Now you may play cards to help yourself or hurt the other players, trying 
to eliminate them. You can only play cards during your turn (exception: 
Missed! and Beer, see below). You are not forced to play cards during this 
phase. You can play any number of cards; there are only three limitations:
•	 you can play only 1 BANG! card per turn;
(this applies only to BANG! cards, not to cards with the symbol )
•	 you can have only 1 copy of any one card in play;
(one card is a copy of another if they have the same name)
•	 you can have only 1 weapon in play.
(when you play a new weapon, discard the one you have in play)
Example. If you put a Barrel in play, you cannot play another one, since you 
would end up having two copies of the same card in front of you.
There are two types of cards: brown-bordered cards (= play and discard) and 
blue-bordered cards (= weapons and other objects).
Brown-bordered cards are played by putting 
them directly into the discard pile and applying 
the effect described with text or with symbols on 
the cards (illustrated in the next paragraphs).
Blue-bordered cards are played face up in front 
of you (exception: Jail). Blue cards in front of 
you are hence defined to be “in play”. The effect 
of these cards lasts until they are discarded or 
removed somehow (e.g. through the play of a Cat 
Balou), or a special event occurs (e.g. in the case of Dynamite). There 
is no limit on the cards you can have in front of you provided that they do 
not share the same name.
3. Discard excess cards
Once the second phase is over (you do not want to or cannot play any more 
cards), then you must discard from your hand any cards exceeding your 
hand-size limit. Remember that your hand size limit, at the end of your 
turn, is equal to the number of bullets (i.e. life points) you currently have. 
Then it is the next player’s turn, in clockwise order.

PAGE 4
4
Distance between players
The distance between two players is the 
minimum number of places between 
them, counting clockwise or counter-
clockwise (see figure). The distance is 
very important, because all cards with a 
sight take it into account. Normally you 
can reach only targets (players or cards) 
within a distance of 1 (note the 
of your Colt .45 on your playing board). 
When a character is eliminated, he is 
no longer counted when evaluating the 
distance: some players will get “closer” 
when someone is eliminated.
Eliminating a character
When you lose your last life point, you are eliminated and your game 
is over, unless you immediately play a Beer (see below). When you are 
eliminated from the game, show your role card and discard all the cards you 
have in hand and in play.
Penalties and Rewards
•	 If the Sheriff eliminates a Deputy, the Sheriff must discard all the cards 
he has in hand and in play.
•	 Any player eliminating an Outlaw (even if the eliminating player is 
himself an Outlaw!) must draw a reward of 3 cards from the deck.
END OF THE GAME
The game ends when one of the following conditions is met:
a) the Sheriff is killed. If the Renegade is the only one alive, then he wins. 
Otherwise, the Outlaws win;
b) all the Outlaws and the Renegade are killed. The Sheriff and his 
Deputies win.
Example 1. All the Outlaws are eliminated, but the Renegade is still in play. In 
this case, the game continues. The Renegade must now face the Sheriff and 
his Deputies alone.
Example 2. The Sheriff is killed, but all Outlaws are eliminated, and one 
Deputy and the Renegade are still in play. The game ends with the Outlaws 
winning! They achieved their goal at the cost of their own lives!
NEW GAME
If you play more than one game in a row, players still “alive” at the 
end of the game may choose to keep their character (but not the cards 
in hand or in play!) for the following game; players which have been 
eliminated must draw a new character randomly.
If you want to give each player the opportunity of playing the Sheriff, 
you may decide, before starting the game, to pass this role among 
players from game to game, randomly assigning the other roles.

PAGE 5
5
Now that you are familiar with the rules, let’s see the cards of BANG! in detail!
THE CARDS
Weapons
You start the game with a Colt .45 revolver. This is not 
represented by any card, but it is drawn on your playing board. 
Using the Colt .45 you can only hit targets at a distance of 1, 
i.e. only players sitting to your right or your left.
In order to hit targets farther than distance 1, you need to 
play a bigger weapon: place it over the Colt .45. Weapons can 
be recognized from their blue border with no 
bullet holes, black-and-white illustration and the number 
into the sight (see picture) that represents the maximum 
reachable distance. The weapon in play substitutes the Colt 
.45, until the card is removed somehow. Even if weapons are 
played on the board, they can still be stolen (e.g. through 
the play of a Panic!) or discarded (e.g. through Cat Balou). 
The only weapon you can never lose is the ol’ Colt .45!
You can only have one weapon in play at a time: if you 
want to play a new weapon when you already have one, you 
must discard the one you already have.
Important: weapons do not change the distance between 
players. They represent your maximum reachable distance 
when shooting.
Volcanic: with this card in play you may play any number 
of BANG! cards during your turn. These BANG! cards can 
be aimed at the same or different targets, but are limited to 
a distance of 1.
BANG! and Missed!
BANG! cards are the main method to reduce other players’ 
life points. If you want to play a BANG! card to hit one of the 
players, determine:
a) what the distance to that player is; and
b) if your weapon is capable of reaching that distance.
Example 1. With reference to the distance figure, let us 
suppose that Ann (A) wants to shoot Carl (C), i.e. Ann wants 
to play a BANG! card against Carl. Usually Carl would be at 
a distance of 2, therefore Ann would need a weapon to shoot 
at this distance: a Schofield, a Remington, a Rev. Carabine 
or a Winchester, but not a Volcanic or the ol’ Colt .45. If Ann has a Scope in 
play, she would see Carl at a distance of 1, and therefore she could use any 
weapon to shoot at him. But if Carl has a Mustang in play, then the two cards 
would combine and Ann would still see Carl at a distance of 2. 
Example 2. If Dan (D) has a Mustang in play, Ann would see him at a distance 
of 4: in order to shoot Dan, Ann would need a weapon capable of reaching 
distance 4.

PAGE 6
6
If you are hit by a BANG! you may 
immediately play a Missed! - even though 
it is not your turn! - to 
cancel the shot. If you do 
not, you lose one life point 
(discard a bullet). Discarded 
bullet go into a pile in the 
middle of the table. If you 
have no more bullets left, 
i.e. you lose your last life 
point, you are out of the 
game, unless you play 
immediately a Beer (see 
next paragraph). You can only cancel shots 
aimed at you. The BANG! card is discarded, 
even when cancelled.
Beer
This card lets you regain 
one life point – take a bullet 
from the pile. You cannot 
gain more life points than 
your starting amount! 
The Beer cannot be used 
to help other players.
The Beer can be played in 
two ways:
•	 as usual, during your 
turn;
•	 out of turn, but only if you have just 
received a hit that is lethal (i.e. a hit that takes away your last life point), 
and not if you are simply hit.
Beer has no effect if there are only 2 players left in the game; in other 
words, if you play a Beer you do not gain any life point.
Example. You have 2 life points left, and suffer 3 damages from a Dynamite. 
If you play 2 Beers you will stay alive with 1 life point left (2-3+2), while you 
would be eliminated playing only one Beer that would allow you to regain just 
1 life point. You would still be at zero!
Saloon
Cards with symbols on two lines have two simultaneous 
effects, one for each line.
Here symbols say: “Regain one life point”, and this applies 
to “All the other players”, and on the next line: “[You] regain 
one life point”.
The overall effect is that all players in play regain one 
life point.
You cannot play a Saloon out of turn when you are losing 
your last life point: the Saloon is not a Beer!
 you may 
 - even though 
it is not your turn! - to 
cancel the shot. If you do 
lose one life point
(discard a bullet). Discarded 
bullet go into a pile in the 
middle of the table. If you 
have no more bullets left, 
i.e. you lose your last life 
you are out of the 
, unless you play 
 (see 
next paragraph). You can only cancel shots 
 card is discarded, 
 if you have just 
THE SYMBOLS ON THE CARDS
Each card shows one or more symbols that show the effect(s) of the card.
Count as a BANG!: remove one 
life point
Count as a Missed!: cancel 
the effect of
Regain one life point. Only 
the player playing this card 
benefits from this effect, unless 
otherwise stated.
Draw a card. If “any player” 
is specified (see that symbol), 
then you can draw a random 
card from his hand, or you can 
choose one in play in front of him. 
If no player is specified, draw the top 
card of the deck. In any case, cards 
drawn are added to your hand.
Force to discard a card. You 
can force a specified player to 
discard a random card from his 
hand, or you can choose and discard 
one card in play in front of him.
It specifies that you can apply 
the effect to any chosen player, 
regardless of the distance.
It specifies that the effect 
applies to all the other 
players – i.e. not the player 
who played the card -, regardless of 
the distance.
It specifies that the effect 
applies to any one player, 
provided that he is within a 
reachable distance.
It specifies that the effect applies 
to any one player at a distance 
of the number or less. Note: 
Mustang and Scope can alter this 
distance, but weapons in play do not.

PAGE 7
7
THE SYMBOLS ON THE CARDS
Each card shows one or more symbols that show the effect(s) of the card.
Count as a BANG!: remove one 
life point
Count as a Missed!: cancel 
the effect of
Regain one life point. Only 
the player playing this card 
benefits from this effect, unless 
otherwise stated.
Draw a card. If “any player” 
is specified (see that symbol), 
then you can draw a random
 
card from his hand, or you can 
choose one in play in front of him. 
If no player is specified, draw the top 
card of the deck. In any case, cards 
drawn are added to your hand.
Force to discard a card. You 
can force a specified player to 
discard a random card from his 
hand, or you can choose and discard 
one card in play in front of him.
It specifies that you can apply 
the effect to any chosen player, 
regardless of the distance.
It specifies that the effect 
applies to all the other 
players – i.e. not the player 
who played the card -, regardless of 
the distance.
It specifies that the effect 
applies to any one player, 
provided that he is within a 
reachable distance.
It specifies that the effect applies 
to any one player at a distance 
of the number or less. Note: 
Mustang and Scope can alter this 
distance, but weapons in play do not.
Stagecoach 
and Wells Fargo
Symbols state: 
“Draw two 
cards” (three 
with Wells 
Fargo) from the 
top of the deck.
General store
When you play this card, 
turn as many cards from the 
deck face up as the players 
still playing. Starting 
with you and proceeding 
clockwise, each player 
chooses one of those cards 
and puts it in his hands.
Panic!
The symbols state: “Draw 
a card” from “a player at 
distance 1”. Remember that this distance is not modified by 
weapons, but only by cards such as Mustang and/or Scope.
Cat Balou
Force “any one player” to “discard a card”, regardless of 
the distance.
Gatling
The Gatling shoots “a BANG!” to “all the other players”, 
regardless of the distance. Even though the Gatling shoots 
a BANG! to all the other players, it is not considered a 
BANG! card. During your turn you can play any number of 
Gatling, but only one BANG! card.

PAGE 8
8
Indians!
Each player, excluding the one who played this card, may 
discard a BANG! card, or lose one life point. Neither Missed! 
nor Barrel have effect in this case.
Duel
With this card you can challenge any other 
player (staring him in the eyes!), regardless of 
the distance. The challenged player may discard a BANG! 
card (even though it is not his turn!). If he does, you may 
discard a BANG! card, and so on: the first player failing to 
discard a BANG! card loses one life point, and the duel is 
over. You cannot play Missed! or use the Barrel during a 
duel. The Duel is not a BANG! card. BANG! cards discarded 
during a Duel are not accounted towards the “one BANG! 
card” limitation.
Mustang
When you have a Mustang horse in play the distance between 
other players and you is increased by 1. However, you still 
see the other players at the normal distance.
Example. In the figure of the distance, if Ann (A) has a Mustang 
in play, Ben (B) and Flo (F) would see her at a distance of 2, 
Carl (C) and Emma (E) at a distance of 3, and Dan (D) at a 
distance of 4, while Ann would continue seeing all the other 
players at the normal distance.
Scope
When you have a Scope in play, you see all the other players 
at a distance decreased by 1. However, other players still 
see you at the normal distance. Distances less than 1 are 
considered to be 1.
Example. In the figure of the distance, if Ann (A) has a Scope 
in play, she would see Ben (B) and Flo (F) at a distance of 
1, Carl (C) and Emma (E) at a distance of 1, Dan (D) at a 
distance of 2, while Ann would be seen by other players at 
a normal distance.
Draw!
Some cards (Barrel, Jail, Dynamite) show little poker suits and values, then 
an equal sign and then their effects. The player using such a card must 
“draw!”, i.e. he has to flip over the top card of the deck, 
discard it, and look at the poker symbol in the lower left 
corner. If this flipped card shows a symbol (and value!) that 
matches, then the “draw!” was successful, and the effect of 

PAGE 9
9
the card is resolved (the “draw!” card is always discarded without effect). 
Otherwise, nothing happens: bad luck! If a specific card value or range is 
specified on the card, then the “draw!” card must show a value within that 
range (including the pictured symbols), and the suit shown.
The value sequence is: 2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10-J-Q-K-A.
Barrel
The Barrel allows you to “draw!” when you are the target of a BANG!:
- if you draw a Heart card, you are Missed! (just like if you 
played a Missed! card);
- otherwise nothing happens.
Example. You are the target of another player’s BANG! You 
have a Barrel in play: this card lets you “draw!” to cancel a 
BANG! and it is successful on a Heart. So, you flip the top card 
of the deck and put it on the discard pile: it’s a 4 of Hearts. 
The use of the Barrel is successful and 
cancels the BANG! If the flipped card 
were of a different suit, then the Barrel 
would have had no effect, but you could 
have still tried to cancel the BANG! with a Missed!.
Jail
Play this card in front of any player regardless of the distance: 
you put him in jail! If you are in jail, you must “draw!” before 
the beginning of your turn:
- if you draw a Heart card, you escape from jail: discard the 
Jail, and continue your turn as normal;
- otherwise discard the Jail and skip your turn.
If you are in Jail you remain a possible target for BANG! 
cards and can still play response cards (e.g. Missed! and 
Beer) out of your turn, if necessary.
Jail cannot be played on the Sheriff.
Dynamite
Play this card in front of you: the Dynamite will stay there for a whole turn. 
When you start your next turn (you have the Dynamite already in play), 
before the first phase you must “draw!”:
- if you draw a card showing Spades and a number between 2 and 9, the 
Dynamite explodes! Discard it and lose 3 life points;
- otherwise, pass the Dynamite to the player on your left 
(who will “draw!” on his turn, etc.).
Players keep passing the Dynamite around until it explodes, 
with the effect explained above, or it is drawn or discarded by a 
Panic! or a Cat Balou. If you have both the Dynamite and a Jail 
in play, check the Dynamite first. If you are damaged (or even 
eliminated!) by a Dynamite, this damage is not considered to 
be caused by any player.

PAGE 10
THE CHARACTERS
10
Bart Cassidy (4 life 
points): each time he loses 
a life point, he immediately 
draws a card from the 
deck.
Black Jack (4 life points): 
during phase 1 of his turn, 
he must show the second 
card he draws: if it’s Heart 
or Diamonds (just like a 
“draw!”), he draws one additional 
card (without revealing it).
Calamity Janet (4 life 
points): she can use 
BANG! cards as Missed! 
cards and vice versa. If 
she plays a Missed! as 
a BANG!, she cannot play another 
BANG! card that turn (unless she 
has a Volcanic in play).
El Gringo (3 life points): 
each time he loses a 
life point due to a card 
played by another player, 
he draws a random card 
from the hands of that player (one 
card for each life point). If that 
player has no more cards, too 
bad!, he does not draw. Note that 
Dynamite damages are not caused 
by any player.
Jesse Jones (4 life points): 
during phase 1 of his 
turn, he may choose to 
draw the first card from 
the deck, or randomly 
from the hand of any other player. 
Then he draws the second card from 
the deck.
Jourdonnais (4 life points): 
he is considered to have a 
Barrel in play at all times; 
he can “draw!” when he is 
the target of a BANG!, and 
on a Heart he is missed. If he has 
another real Barrel card in play, he 
can count both of them, giving him 
two chances to cancel the BANG! 
before playing a Missed!.
Kit Carlson (4 life points): 
during phase 1 of his 
turn, he looks at the top 
three cards of the deck: 
he chooses 2 to draw, and 
puts the other one back on the top of 
the deck, face down.
Lucky Duke (4 life points): 
each time he is required 
to “draw!”, he flips the 
top two cards from the 
deck, and chooses the 
result he prefers. Discard both cards 
afterwards.
Paul Regret (3 life points): 
he is considered to have 
a Mustang in play at all 
times; all other players 
must add 1 to the distance 
to him. If he has another real 
Mustang in play, he can count both 
of them, increasing all distances to 
him by a total of 2.
Pedro Ramirez (4 life 
points): during phase 1 of 
his turn, he may choose 
to draw the first card from 
the top of the discard pile 
or from the deck. Then, he draws the 
second card from the deck.
Rose Doolan (4 life 
points): she is considered 
to have a Scope in play 
at all times; she sees 
the other players at a 
distance decreased by 1. If she has 
another real Scope in play, she can 
count both of them, reducing her 
distance to all other players by a 
total of 2.
Sid Ketchum (4 life 
points): at any time, he 
may discard 2 cards from 
his hand to regain one life 
point. If he is willing and 
able, he can use this ability more 
than once at a time. But remember: 
you cannot have more life points 
than your starting amount!

PAGE 11
11
Curiosity
In order to keep track of your life points, you can use 
another character card, from the ones left over. Turn it 
face down and cover / uncover the bullets by sliding your 
character card on it, just like in the picture. This makes 
easier to bring BANG! with you and play it anywhere! 
Jesse Jones with three life points
Slab the Killer (4 life 
points): players trying to 
cancel his BANG! cards 
need to play 2 Missed!. The 
Barrel effect, if successfully 
used, only counts as one Missed!.
Suzy Lafayette (4 life 
points): as soon as she 
has no cards in her hand, 
she draws a card from the 
draw pile.
Vulture Sam (4 life points): 
whenever a character is 
eliminated from the game, 
Sam takes all the cards 
that player had in his 
hand and in play, and adds them to 
his hand.
Willy the Kid (4 life 
points): he can play any 
number of BANG! cards 
during his turn.
REMEMBER:
•	 Any card with a Missed! symbol can be used to cancel the 
effect of a card with a BANG! symbol
•	 you can only play one BANG! card per turn, but you can play any 
number of other cards which show the symbol
•	 you cannot have two cards with the same name in front of you
•	 you can only have one weapon in play, but at least you always 
have a Colt .45
•	 weapons do not change the distance between players, they 
represent only your shooting range
•	 Beer has no effect when there are only 2 players left in the game
•	 when you are losing your last life point, you can only play a Beer, 
and not a Saloon.

PAGE 12
12
GAME SYSTEM
Lucca Games 2002:
- Best Italian Game
Origins awards 2003:
- Best Traditional Card Game
- Best Card Design
Note: throughout these rules “he”, “his”, etc. are used to indicate both genders.
Thanks to all the play-testers, to their gaming groups and to all the players, for all the precious 
suggestions. The author would personally thank all the members of the Chess Club “Luigi Valentini” in 
Civitavecchia, for their constant support and enthusiasm.
Game idea: Emiliano Sciarra
Development: Roberto Corbelli, Domenico Di Giorgio
Artworks: Alessandro Pierangelini
Art Director: Stefano De Fazi
Rules editing: Roberto Corbelli, Andrés J. Voicu
BANG!® - Fourth edition
Copyright ©
daVinci Editrice S.r.l.
Via S. Penna, 24
I-06132 Perugia, Italy
Game idea, development, design, artwork, packaging, the BANG! name and logo, and the dV GIOCHI name and logo are 
all Copyright, and Trademarks or Registered Trademarks of daVinci Editrice S.r.l. All Rights Reserved.
The BANG!® Game System™
In 2002, a new Sheriff rode into town…
BANG! is the best-selling, award-winning, Wild West shoot-out card 
game. The original mechanics of the BANG! Game System feature:
• The distance between the players is an actual part of the game!
• Unique character combinations make every game different!
• Different goals and secret roles for each player create tension and surprises with 
every play!
• The “draw” mechanic and the many different types of cards add depth to the game!
After all, more than half a million cowboys can’t be wrong!
BANG!
® – DODGE CITY™
This is the “must-have” expansion for BANG!
Our all-new edition includes:
• More characters with unique abilities!
• New green-bordered cards with their own special rules!
• Additional mechanics for playing your cards!
• Rules and role cards to expand your shoot-out to 8 players!
• Complete rules for 3 player games!
For any questions, comments and suggestions:
www.dvgiochi.com    info@dvgiochi.com
 
 
Follow us on: